Document why we use primitives in a regular guide (#2778)
Qiskit/documentation: docs/migration-guides/qiskit-runtime.mdx

The Qiskit Runtime primitives implement the reference Sampler V2 and Estimator V2 interfaces found in `qiskit.primitives`, and enable capabilities not available with the legacy `backend.run` interface. These capabilities include application of advanced processing techniques for error suppression and mitigation in Estimator, the ability to efficiently sweep between arrays of parameter value sets or observables in both Sampler and Estimator, and access to the new local testing mode. Additionally, Qiskit Runtime lets users run iterative algorithm circuits back to back (session mode) or in collections of circuits without having to re-queue each job (batch mode). This results in more efficient quantum processor use and reduces the time spent running complex computations.

## Why migrate to Qiskit Runtime primitives?

> The `backend.run` interface was the primary access point to quantum hardware and simulators offered by IBM, as well as third-party providers that integrate with Qiskit. The [evolution of user access patterns](/guides/primitives#qpu-access-patterns) for quantum processing units (QPUs) led to the Qiskit primitives (`Sampler` and `Estimator`) superseding this interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `backend.run` interface was the primary access point to quantum hardware and simulators offered by IBM, as well as third-party providers that integrate with Qiskit. The [evolution of user access patterns](/guides/primitives#why-did-qiskit-introduce-primitives) for quantum processing units (QPUs) led to the Qiskit primitives (`Sampler` and `Estimator`) superseding this interface.
```

Author: (/guides/primitives#qpu-access-patterns) is the right link because I have an anchor there. I don't understand why the anchor doesn't show up when you hover, so I know it's confusing.  But it's better to use the anchor in case we change the title.
